[Alerting] Allow rule types to specify custom timeout values (#113487)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/plugins/alerting/README.md

|executor|This is where the code for the rule type lives. This is a function to be called when executing a rule on an interval basis. For full details, see the executor section below.|Function|
|producer|The id of the application producing this rule type.|string|
|minimumLicenseRequired|The value of a minimum license. Most of the rules are licensed as "basic".|string|

> |ruleTaskTimeout|The value could be used to override the task manager default timeout for a rule task. By default value will be set from alerting configuration "10m".|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ruleTaskTimeout|The length of time a rule can run before being cancelled due to timeout. By default, this value is "5m".|string|
```
